The Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Registry or OCIR is an Oracle-managed registry.
This means that availability and scalability of the
service are taken care of for you.
Within the registry you will create repositories.
Repositories exist in a specific region and tenancy
and can be public or private.
Typically the images in a repository are different versions of the same
source image with each version identified by a Docker tag.
Using the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Registry simplifies
deployments to your clusters running on the Oracle Cloud
Container Engine for Kubernetes.
There are three main things that you'll need in order to
push an image to your OCIR repository.
First,
the user that is pushing to the repository must be a member
of a group with a policy that allows repo management such
as the administrators group.
Next,
the image tag must follow a specific format to be accepted into the repository.
Finally,
you must get an auth token from your Oracle Cloud account in order to
perform a Docker login before pushing your image.
We're going to cover the details of each of these steps starting with
getting an auth token and checking permissions for your user.
Log in to your Oracle Cloud console and select your user under your profile.
Scroll down to Resources, then select Auth Tokens.
Give the token a description, then click Generate Token.
Be sure to copy the token, as you will not see it again.
If you do forget your token, you can always delete it and generate a new one.
I'm going to keep this one for now, then I'll delete it when we're done.
The other permission to check for your user is under Groups.
This will list all of the groups that your user belongs to.
If you are a member of the Administrators group then you have the
necessary permissions to upload an image to the repository,
then deploy it to your Kubernetes cluster.
If you are not a member of the Administrators group,
then you'll need to make sure that you belong to a group with the necessary permissions.